[IMP] accounting: employment hero added taxes mapping descriptions (#9340)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/employment_hero.rst

        :alt: The Employment Hero "Business ID" number is in the URL

   - You can choose any Odoo journal to post the payslip entries.
#. Configure the tax by going to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Taxes`. Create the
   necessary taxes for the Employment Hero payslip entries. Fill in the tax code from

>    **Employment Hero** to :guilabel:`Matching Employment Hero Tax`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Employment Hero** in the :guilabel:`Matching Employment Hero Tax` field.
```
